
We have done a number of general code review sessions in previous conversations. Now I want to focus on particular topics.

Spawn subagents, one for each item in the list. Give each subagent a version of the following prompt, filling in the topic description and changing the topic description and filename to to match the topic. Spawn only at most 4 agents at once.

Topics:
1. Dead-code: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we have dead code or duplicated code?
2. Organization: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we have scattered functionality that could be consolidated? Code is cheap; conceptual complexity is not. We should prefer fewer thick classes, rather than atomized functionality.
3. Protection: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we honor protection and claims?
4. Magic-numbers: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we have magic numbers scattered about? Magic strings? Things that belong in en_us.json? Do we reference complete class names instead of using imports?
5. Reinvention: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we duplicate Minecraft/Forge functionality? Do we trigger the expected events for the things we do?
6. Guarding: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we guard against impossible errors? Remember that we trust Minecraft and Forge.
7. Javadocs: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we have a full set of javadocs? Do they say what javadocs should say or are they describing history, algorithm internals, hypotheticals, etc. Do they match the code? Do the gametests have javadocs that describe the test in a way that a person can duplicate the test in-game?
8. Legacy: The mod has grown via evolution. There is to be no legacy to support, there are no older versions to be backward compatible with. Do we have legacy support, maintain backwards compatibility, or layer functions on functions (i.e. myFunc1 just calls myFunc2)? 
9. Networking: The mod has grown via evolution. Is our network secure, both from malicious clients and malicious servers? Is it efficient? Do we spam the network?
10. Loader-divergence: The mod has grown via evolution. If the mod supports multiple loaders, is there only necessary divergence between the code bases? Some things are hard in one loader and not in another, so it makes sense to implement them differently. Is there residue of a previous state where the code was mono-loader?
11. Multiloader-organization: The mod has grown via evolution. Are the right things in common, forge, etc? Herculean efforts to move functionality to common just to avoid a little code duplication is bad.
12. Expected-way: The mod has grown via evolution. Forge/Fabric/Neoforge/Minecraft each have standard ways of doing things, each loader provides facilities. We should use them.
13. Efficiency: The mod has grown via evolution. Do we sort every tick? Do we search giant AABB boxes when we could keep a list? Are we efficient in time and space in general?
14. Build-environment: The mod has grown via evolution. Have we accumulated cruft? Are we doing things the expected way? Are per-loader differences reasonable?
15. Test-completeness: The mod has grown via evolution. Tests are cheap. We don't need to target only vital questions. Nor, though, do we need to test everything imaginable or trivial variations. Is the test system complete? Is it over-complete?
16. Logging: The mod has grown via evolution. It should be possible to tell if the mod is working from its log messages. But we do not want to log everything. Do we log the various major events of mod startup? Is there any residual debug logging?


Prompt:
You are an experienced Minecraft modder. Do a targeted code review. Focus on <topic description>. You are not to inspect git history; your task is the project as it is, not as it was. You are not alone in the codebase. Do not read any other code reviews. You are not to make any changes; your purpose is to assess the code as it is and report. You are not to go off and do research in the service of assessing the code. Work with what you know and what code you're given. Write your report do review-<topic title>.md



